# iATS CiviCRM Extension 1.7.3

Oct 28, 2020

This release is a minor maintenance release for the 1.7 series.
It is recommended for all CiviCRM installs on 5.x and above.

Summary of changes:
1. Removes old deprecated code and improves error handling.
2. Supports the 1st Payment processor for webform civicrm by converting province and country id values to strings in the doPayment function.
3. Fixes incorrect code for the detection of the iATS payment processor (arises when mixing iATS payment processor with other processors, likely the source of issue 303).
4. Fixes failures for self-service updating of credit card credentials (issue 323)).
5. Removes unused gross_amount parameter.
6. Fixes a hard-coded payment processor id number, and (separately) a hard-coded payment processor type id.
7. Implements a collection of recurring self-serve options (update billing info, updating billing amount, cancel). By default, these options are not availble to non-administrators, to preserve the previous behaviour, but can be enabled via the iATS configuration screen.
8. Provides better behaviour for recurring contributions starting after the 28th of the month (issue 276).
9. Allow test recurring contributions to generate subsequent payments.
10. Remove an annoying javascript warning when using FirstPay (issue 326).
11. Prevent soap errors from exposing credit card credentials (issue 308).
12. Improve failure handling of ACH recurring contributions (issue 301).

Thanks to @lcdservices, @mattwire, @seamuslee001, @Edzelopez and @cmmadmin for contributions.
